UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,淡水老街,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,金色水岸,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,淡水捷運站,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,真理大學,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,文化阿給,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
UPb7YJ0R7wdHKp9gd4mEBw0HqhF3,Charles,重建街戀愛巷,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oBVoACB6v3ceXa31WXIiSngVMsw1,nicole,福佑宮,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ihbiQOInfENCWXZ2y0dfSnLkdGO2,Fanfan,淡水禮拜堂,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ihbiQOInfENCWXZ2y0dfSnLkdGO2,Fanfan,紅毛城,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ihbiQOInfENCWXZ2y0dfSnLkdGO2,Fanfan,真理大學,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ihbiQOInfENCWXZ2y0dfSnLkdGO2,Fanfan,淡水禮拜堂,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
ihbiQOInfENCWXZ2y0dfSnLkdGO2,Fanfan,淡水老街,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,金色水岸自行車道,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,金色水岸自行車道,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,淡水老街,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,真理大學禮拜堂,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,紅毛城,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,淡水老街,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
ZcCpHQO1waZo2DeNHZGdyDt0Xjx2,Emily Lin,紅毛城,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,滬尾偕醫館,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,鄞山寺,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,教士會館,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,鄞山寺,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,教士會館,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,滬尾偕醫館,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,淡水捷運站,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,真理大學,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,文化阿給,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,淡水老街,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,老牌阿給,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,馬偕租屋處,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,馬偕租屋處,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
oFs9h34Kj4ah5YQEYdwJ4PE5iXp2,Ann,小白宮,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
VIhkuWyGi1MS9yPuVVbj5tRi0AG2,Stanley,紅毛城,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
VIhkuWyGi1MS9yPuVVbj5tRi0AG2,Stanley,文化阿給,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
VIhkuWyGi1MS9yPuVVbj5tRi0AG2,Stanley,阿婆鐵蛋,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
t7wEJIgbhUROkUO9yraKzaC2hem2,史丹,紅毛城,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
t7wEJIgbhUROkUO9yraKzaC2hem2,史丹,福佑宮,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
t7wEJIgbhUROkUO9yraKzaC2hem2,史丹,淡水捷運站,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
t7wEJIgbhUROkUO9yraKzaC2hem2,史丹,阿媽的酸梅湯,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,紅毛城,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,淡水禮拜堂,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,福佑宮,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,紅毛城,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,淡水捷運站,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,滬尾偕醫館,False,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,淡水捷運站,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,淡水禮拜堂,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
0yUOyN6Gy0az0tRMYuEMq9REaI53,marvin,紅毛城,True,False,False,False,False,report togo
